oh well hey wait does
we do you worry that pretty nice honor
this is how you should put your battery
LOL to that side
you gonna wear
oh okay in all its glory John you're
Frankie and I where you ollie
Chris you've got damn screw ain't that
out that's why
that's going on our masters
Yeah right trollops little mix tape
rolls just go to file a little bit John
okay okay exchange Ariel okay everybody
takes good look in there because
guaranteed it will not look like that by
the time it comes back down I so I've
taken over on the pilot side of it how
do you lift up mine is fuzzy fly nice
yeah just try and keep it balanced
yeah okay cut the glass John try and
turn it around that's it right now for
fought it
what how do you doing man you gotta
straighten out right how well your hands
be that way no because if you're going
hey you only get lift dirt trees no you
gotta go to all the wind go back over
there and turn it around and in full
throttle divorces gone over again show
up stop with the progress
well come over a then you won't be out
crashing
just in the ones full throw but you got
to try and keep it straight
full frou-frou what
SH I'll keep it straight chocolate
straight
I see it I see it over come push down a
little bit
lift up and go back there for over a
like
hey anything